Dear SixDesk user <SixDeskUser>,

Please find in attachment a list of buffer directories in the BOINC spooldir
   <spooldir>
older than <xxx> days which belong to you. These directories are located
on the work.boinc volume on AFS and have been used ONLY as buffers,
i.e. to submit workunits (WUs) to BOINC and collect
results as they are produced by BOINC volunteers.

If you think that you will no longer need these directories (e.g. because
the study is complete), then I could remove them, freeing <diskSpace> GB of
disk space and improving the performance of the system. To do so, after
 you had a look at the list in attachment, please upload it to
   <spooldir>/delete
and I will take care of cleaning. To upload the list, you can use scp, i.e.:
scp <fileList> <SixDeskUser>@lxplus.cern.ch:<spooldir>/delete

If you think that, for any reason, some directories should not be deleted
(e.g. because the study is still on-going and you are still waiting for
results), then please remove them from the list in the file, either heading
a '#' char to the name of the directory or deleting the corresponding line
in the file.

Please bear in mind that keeping the work.boinc volume clean and light
in space is extremely important, in order to ease submission of jobs
of other people, and ultimately your future jobs. Moreover, please keep
in mind that when you retrieve results with run_results, the downloaded
results are not removed from this workspace but stored in the processed/
subfolder, to keep results in case of problems with the jobs database.
Hence, it is important to keep the work.boinc volume clean and light.

I remain at your disposal for any questions.
Thanks for your cooperation,
Alessio (via a crontab job)

NB: checking of old studies is periodically performed every month.
Once you upload the list, it may take up to 24h before deleting actually
takes place.

NB: please be reminded that the TOTAL disk space available on the AFS
volume work.boinc is 100GB. This value is a total one; hence, the occupancy
by all users is summed up.

NB: the scp command may raise an error message about permissions. This
is due to ssh and acl groups not fully talking to each other. In general,
it not real. If you want to be sure, just log in to lxplus and
check that the scp command went fine.

NB: Please find below the breakdown of the space taken by your directories in
the quoted BOINC spooldir:
